docs(overlay): a11y docs update (#5409)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: packages/overlay/overlay-trigger.md

    </div>
</div>

> ## Overview

Reviewer: I wonder if we should use the `alert-banner` for our notices.

[![How big is this package in your project?](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/minzip/@spectrum-web-components/meter?style=for-the-badge)](https://bundlephobia.com/result?p=@spectrum-web-components/overlay)
[![Try it on webcomponents.dev](https://img.shields.io/badge/Try%20it%20on-webcomponents.dev-green?style=for-the-badge)](https://webcomponents.dev/edit/collection/fO75441E1Q5ZlI0e9pgq/bu0sOBIfyW7wnHkXtGzL/src/index.ts)

```zsh
yarn add @spectrum-web-components/overlay
```

Import the side-effectful registration of `<overlay-trigger>` via:

```ts
import '@spectrum-web-components/overlay/overlay-trigger.js';
```

The default of `<overlay-trigger>` will load dependencies in `@spectrum-web-components/overlay` asynchronously via a dynamic import. In the case that you would like to import those tranverse dependencies statically, import the side effectful registration of `<overlay-trigger>` as follows:

```ts
import '@spectrum-web-components/overlay/sync/overlay-trigger.js';
```

When looking to leverage the `OverlayTrigger` base class as a type and/or for extension purposes, do so via:

```ts
import { OverlayTrigger } from '@spectrum-web-components/overlay';
```

### Example

> Here a default `<overlay-trigger>` manages content that is triggered by "click" and "hover" interactions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example, a default `<overlay-trigger>` manages content that is triggered by "click" and "hover" interactions.
```

</overlay-trigger>
```

### Options

#### Placement

When using the `placement` attribute of an `<overlay-trigger>` (`"top" |"top-start" | "top-end" | "bottom" | "bottom-start" | "bottom-end" | "right" | "right-start" | "right-end" | "left" | "left-start" | "left-end"`), you can suggest to the overlay in which direction relative to the trigger that the content should display. When there is adequate room for the content to display in the specified direction, it will do so. When adequate room is not available, the overlaid content will calculate the direction in which it has the most room to be displayed and use that direction.

> 

Reviewer: Do we want `sp-tabs` with examples of some of these placement options?

Reviewer: I don't see these yet.

Author: We have examples of how to use the `placement` attribute in the docs so I wonder if we need to show all examples of all possible values for that attributes in this case. Thought it might be too redundant. But I am open to have my thoughts changed here

#### Type

The `type` attribute of an `<overlay-trigger>` element outlines how the element's "click" content should appear in the tab order. `inline` will insert the overlay after the trigger; from here, forward tabbing targets the next logical element, and backward/shift tabbing returns to the target. `replace` will insert the overlay into the page as if it were the trigger; from here, forward tabbing targets the next logical element, and backward/shift tabbing targets the logical element prior to the target. Finally, `modal` will open the content in a tab order fully separate from the original content flow and trap the tab order within that content until the required interaction is complete.

> 

Reviewer: Do we want `sp-tabs` with examples of some of these type options?

Author: yus!
